#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
code-annotations==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   edx-toggles
coverage[toml]==7.3.2
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==41.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwt
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-environ==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-waffle==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-django-utils==5.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
edx-drf-extensions==8.10.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-toggles==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via pytest
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
newrelic==9.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
packaging==23.2
    # via pytest
pbr==5.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via pytest
psutil==5.9.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pytest==7.4.2
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-slugify==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pytest
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   edx-opaque-keys
urllib3==2.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
